# Build Owlcat Mod

This GitHub Action builds an Owlcat Mod project and outputs relevant build information.  
This action assumes that a zip directory conatining the build files will be created during the build process, e.g. via  
`<ZipDirectory SourceDirectory="$(MSBuildProjectDirectory)\$(OutputPath)" DestinationFile="$(MSBuildProjectDirectory)\$(OutputPath)\..\$(AssemblyName)-$(Version).zip" Overwrite="true" />`

# Inputs

### `GAME_NAME`

**Required** The name of the game which the mod targets. Options are:
- Kingmaker
- Wrath (default)
- RogueTrader

### `GITHUB_TOKEN`

**Required** The GitHub token for accessing the package registry.

### `GITHUB_NAME`

**Optional** The account used to connect to the package registry. Default: `${{ github.repository_owner }}`

### `PACKAGE_OWNER`

**Optional** The account which owns the package. Default: `xADDBx`

### `BRANCH_REF`

**Optional** Ref (e.g., branch, tag, SHA) which is checked out. Default: `null`

### `DEPENDENCY_LINKS`:

**Optional** Comma-separated list of direct download links to dependencies. Default: ''

### `DEPENDENCY_NAMES`:

**Optional** Comma-separated list of directory names in which the downloaded files will be put. Default: ''

## Outputs
Because I couldn't get normal outputs to work the output is in the env object.

### `zipFile`

The name of the zip file generated by the build.

### `zipFilePath`

The path to the directory containing the zip file.

### `gameVersionNum`

The number of the game version.

### `gameVersionSuffix`

The suffix of the game version.

### `outDir`

The output directory for the build.

## Example usage

```yaml
uses: xADDBx/BuildOwlcatMod@v1
with:
  GAME_NAME: Wrath
  GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
  GITHUB_NAME: ${{ github.repository_owner }}
```
